---
layout: post
title: March 2019 - Rio Dulce, Guatemala - Isla Mujeres, Mexico - Marathon, Florida
date: 2019-04-15
author: April
tags:  
thumb: 
backgrounds:
---

We started the month with a trip (7 hour bus drive) to Guatemala City to pick up Grampsy from the airport. His visit was a complete surprise for the girls! Boy, where they surprised! Audrey’s birthday week starts now! 
 
As per usual, we put my dad to work the second he arrived! We put the jib back on the boat  in preparation for leaving Guatemala. 

All of Audrey’s wildest mermaid dreams came true! Grampsy brought the girls mermaid tails. 

We made some new friends who have boat chickens! 

The girls took Grampsy zip lining on their favorite course! This was Lorelei’s 3rd time and Audrey’s 4th. The park has a long series of zip lines with a canopy obstacle course, kayaking and you can even swim afterwards, all for 100 Quetzals (about 13 USD). 

I’m going to miss this! I love afternoons with the ladies playing Mexican Train. 

Its been fun having so many friends around! Having a good group of friends comes in cycles for us. We’re definitely on a hight right now. 

As if all the partying we’ve done with Grampsy wasn’t enough celebration, we had a fun party with friends too. 

There is a lot of work to do getting ready for a big passage! …and there is always something that pops up unexpectedly. 

It was a 3 day passage from Livingston, Guatemala to Isla Mujeres Mexico. The first day we really beat into it, making it SUPER bumpy. After that it was like glass! We even baked cookies. 

We pulled into Isla Mujeres and right next to a kid boat! Funnily, it was a family that we had never met, but had been following their blog since before we started our own sailing/traveling adventure. They were very inspiring to us then. 

It was a Rio Dulce reunion in Isla Mujeres! We met up with or friends from Wiwoka and Rothim. We had really been missing our ‘home away from home’ that Guatemala had become, so this made the transition much easier. 

Another 3 days and we are back in Florida! Florida was a little chillier then I’m used to. We haven’t had to put on coats in a long time! 
